you know if you're looking for an
old-timey axe grind Brooklyn is the
place to be for many years as those of
you who live around here know I've been
appearing on the back of the passenger
seat in most New York City taxi cabs you
get in the cab in a video of me and
sometimes Guillermo pops up and you're
forced to watch it or so I thought
because recently it's come to my
attention that when my videos come on
most people immediately hit the mute
button on the screen I hope it's none of
you but so we rigged up some some
technology we put hidden cameras in a
taxi and then once we have the hidden
cameras in we followed along behind in a
bus that had a portable television
studio in it so we got a real cab driver
a gentleman named Mamadou and Guerra
Mota I took a little ride to surprise
those who dare to try to silence us
thank you
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I'm bringing my
show back to Brooklyn for think of
October 25th I am got to pick up my
shoes from my favorite cobbler and if
you need to get your shoes we can help
you pick them up too how's everything
going today are you trying to are you
muting me is that what's happening right
now I don't know why you keep doing that
but it works who are you talking to on
the phone right now what is happening
nothing's happening I'm just doing a
promo here in the back of the cab like I
always do are you kidding me no because
I'm gonna not no yes yes no yes hello oh
sure I feel like you're ignoring me I'm
so not in the mood I gotta call you back
yeah call him back talk to me already
okay what can you please tell me what's
going on he doesn't know he has no idea
what's going on Guillermo bollocks
what's going on right now hi how are you
I'm great how are you
when in LA and we talked it to you in
New York no we're not in LA we're in New
York
oh we're New York that's great it's just
as this happen Eve the flu part now
freaks out
when you get in the cabs do you usually
mute the videos that were on yeah you do
see that's rude it's not nice it's so
you know we make these videos of them
people don't want to hear our voices
sorry I even bothered that me microphone
so you know you know what I'm saying you
know I do
do you want to get out of the car right
now I do
[Music]
hey hey we're gonna walk on Street in
Red Hook you know where that is okay how
do I need to get there what's the
closest bridge
maybe we book on the Brooklyn Bridge
awesome thank you hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel
on bringing my show back to Brooklyn and
you're all invited leaving you
I hear hear any response on the battery
I hear you're headed to Brooklyn right
now come on show yourself uh what do you
mean turn this off I said I heard you're
headed to Brooklyn right now so Brooklyn
Bridge is posted in the Battery Tunnel
yeah Brooklyn Bridge is first and then
the latter eternal yes I can't hear you
but the crows yes we can't take back
today now let's take the babies right so
how's it going how do I turn this off
what do you mean how do you turn this
long what are you trying to do you
trying to beat me I don't turn off I
need to turn one on wait a minute the
driver that wants it's it Jimmy how do I
turn it off the driver doesn't want to
drivers don't do this for tips they do
it for the love of driving people to
their destinations does it strike you as
odd that the television is talking to
you right now are you poking me hey guy
going to Brooklyn what's your name
what's your name my friend it's not what
was this been in the cabin this is a
special interactive video cab welcome
aboard
is there anything we can help you with
while you're riding you know what picks
it for you you want to picks up I'll
leave you like a little pack here oh you
little wise guys
[Music]
before in the 45 white Street
I think it's right around the corner hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I'm coming to the
Brooklyn Academy of Music for five shows
starting October 21st how's the cab ride
going so far well good good where are
you guys from
honey you from here in New York yes yes
what were you doing today what's your
show Oh what show did you see utopia oh
yes David Byrne is on our show this week
here in Brooklyn really yeah really
we're gonna come see it Oh we'd love to
have here I get tickets
absolutely how do I get it you know what
I'll have somebody bring you some
tickets okay that was very funny very
funny well you know he's on utopia as
they're hearing your words kind of like
you're found you get talked into your
phone and it did supplicates
so we just hear your voice
you tickets
to the passengers you
[Applause]
thanks for watching and remember every
time you click the subscribe button one
of your enemies gets destroyed